I dare to destroy your Xiao family
Is Xiao Ling Tianye Longyuan less?
Come to the company courtyard
This is God's Family Week calculation today
Once exposed
I don't know
I heard that Ye Longyuan killed 15 martial arts masters of the Xiao family in seconds
Does he think he can gamble against God?
How dare you come to Gusu Mingyue
I want to avenge my son
revenge
Just by you or by your Xiao family
Last time, your Xiao family has been dead for 15 years
There are still 15 years left for worship, right?
How fast?
I killed them all.
Do you know how much effort the Xiao family still has?
It's my Xiao family's top secret
Since ancient times
Things at home
Nobody else knows.
I know more than you think
You don't know about your anti-inflammatory sword.
Including my mother
Damn that bitch
Why didn't one piece kill you back then?
I'm going to take your head today
It's good for my son to come here
Good. My stupid brother will die
No one can report
Today I will cut you into pieces
Avenge my mother
You still want to avenge your daughter bitch
Hahaha, little bit.
You're dead today.
I will surely torture you to death
God is beneficial
Please enter
You just wait here.
Wait until I go in and report to the slave minister
I will surely torture you
I'm dying of pain
In fact, you are the one who is going to die
Besides, I won't be waiting outside
I will personally continue to marry you successfully
Ah!
Haha little kalyn
Aren't you talking in your sleep?
I have a democratic demand.
Do you? I'm afraid you can't even get in the door.
Hahaha